feat(graphql): add gqlMutaton and gqlQuery support for graphql data provider (#5742)
refinedev/refine: .changeset/two-melons-matter.md

---
"@refinedev/nestjs-query": minor
---

feat: add `gqlQuery` and `gqlMutation` support.

> Previously, `@refinedev/nestjs-query` package only supported GraphQL operations through `meta.fields`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, `@refinedev/graphql` package only supported GraphQL operations through `meta.fields`.
```

Now we've added `gqlQuery` and `gqlMutation` fields in `meta` object.

You can utilize these fields along with `graphql-tag` package to build your queries/mutations.

> See the updated documentation for more information: https://refine.dev/docs/packages/data-providers/nestjs-query

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the updated documentation for more information: https://refine.dev/docs/packages/data-providers/graphql
```
